oh here we are underground string gym at
Edison and it is 830 p.m. at night and I
got to tell you I thought I was going to
get my lift in earlier in the day work
happened to unexpected meetings had to
go on very important meetings I like to
get my training done earlier in the day
because I know as the clock ticks and
the day passes especially past noon
likelihood of me training becomes less
and less had to pick up my kids early
from school it's one thing after another
we're all their family the pets that you
got to take care of work you're too
tired you're exhausted you didn't sleep
enough there's plenty of excuses to go
around to fill up you know a the tallest
building in the world but those are the
days those are the times that the most
important thing to do is to train
because when you beat that bullying your
head that's telling you it's okay to go
home it's okay to quit it's okay to give
up that's when you need to punch
that bully in the face and stand tall
you've got to as they say stand for
something or fall for anything and those
excuses become easier and easier to fall
for and I prefer to stand for something
so I think about why I train why it is I
need to be strong everybody has to know
their why I speak about that in mind
cyclopedia of underground strength
talking about digging deep known your
why that's when the physical that's when
your body breaks down and it's done then
the mental gives up and breaks down and
then to call upon your final reserves is
your spirit your soul your heart that's
when you dig deep and understand your
why and that will pull you through the
deepest darkest depths of the
hellish obstacles that face you and
we've all had tough times one person's
tough times are different than somebody
else's but we've all been at the bottom
nobody's ever had a perfect life and
training hard
makes you hard it hard into your
soul for the tough things that happen in
life and that's why I trained because I
never I never want to lose my edge as
the most sacred thing that man needs to
have is to always be dangerous as soon
as you lose that edge and get soft and
get week not just then body but in your
mind and in your soul you're
done don't ever lose your edge check it
out underground strength TV sign up for
a newsletter you won't be disappointed
some surprise guests for those that sign
up underground strength TV click on the
start here tab and then you'll know what
to do from there